write_json() should write both Array[_] and Objects [BW-402] (#5985)
broadinstitute/cromwell: CHANGELOG.md

## 54 Release Notes

### Bug Fixes

> * Fixed a bug that prevented `write_json()` from working with arrays and primitives. The function now works as expected for `Boolean`, `String`, `Integer`, `Object` and `Array[_]` 

Author: I can add support for `Float` and `Pair[_, _]`. I thought the `WomObjectType` covers `Map[_, _]` as well?

> * Fixed a bug where `write_json()` failed for `Array[_]` inputs. It should now work for `Boolean`, `String`, `Integer`, `Object` and `Array[_]` 
> (including array of objects) type inputs. More information on WDL Type to JSON Type conversion can be found [here](https://github.com/openwdl/wdl/blob/main/versions/1.0/SPEC.md#mixed-read_jsonstringfile).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug that prevented `write_json()` from working with arrays of objects. The function now works as expected for `Boolean`, `String`, `Integer`, `Object` and `Array[_]` 
(including array of objects) type inputs. More information on WDL Type to JSON Type conversion can be found [here](https://github.com/openwdl/wdl/blob/main/versions/1.0/SPEC.md#mixed-read_jsonstringfile).
```
Pure ToL

Author: Oooh this is so much better. Thank you! :)

> ## 54 Release Notes

Reviewer 2: Just NB if we don't merge this in time for the release today, you might need to move the comment
